Cdl query issues (#28021)
demisto/content: Packs/CortexDataLake/ReleaseNotes/1_4_7.md

#### Integrations

##### Cortex Data Lake XSOAR Connector

> - Fixed an issue where empty limit will return an error for **cdl-query-file-data** and **cdl-query-url-logs**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where providing an empty *limit* value returned an error for **cdl-query-file-data** and **cdl-query-url-logs**.
```
